All right, let's wrap up these two tests.
So in both these tests, we're going to need to call our setup function.
Remember, the set of function is a sync and actually is required to be async this time because we are
creating that ticket and saving it to the database.
So inside of our first test.
I'm going to call the setup function and I'm going to pull out the message data object ticket and listener
from await.
So now we can take the listener.
We're going to call the auto message function with a data object and message, and we can write out
some expectations to make sure that this thing worked as expected.
They'll do an await listener on message and pass in data and message.
So now how are we going to actually write out some expectation?
Well, let's try to re fetch our ticket out of the tickets collection.
Well, then make sure that we have processed the new or that data object right there.
And we should make sure that this new ticket that we just re fetch has the updated title and the updated
price.
We also might want to make sure that it has some updated version as well.
That would probably be pretty handy as well.
They'll say updated ticket is going to be a weight.
Ticket, find buy ID and we want to find a ticket with the same ID as the one we had created during
the setup phase.
So we'll put in ticket ID.
So we can write out some different expectations.
We'll do.
How about expect updated ticket, exclamation?
We've been over that exclamation enough so I'm not going to cover it again.
And we'll say maybe this thing has the updated title.
So to equal data title.
So the updated tickets title should be equal to whatever the data object's title is.
And then we could essentially repeat that twice over.
With the price.
Equal to data price.
And the version as well.
Okay.
Let's say it looks pretty good.
So let's save this and do a quick test back at my terminal.
I got my test suite.
It looks like the filter I had set is capturing the ticket.
Updated listener file.
If you are only still running the ticket created, then press W and then P and we can output in a more
generous pattern right here to make sure we capture both those test files we are running right now,
so both the ticket created listener and the ticket updated listener.
So a pattern we can use for that is just simply listener.
That's going to capture both those two listener test files and run both them.
It looks like the test we just put together is running successfully, but as usual, we always, always,
always have to put in something just to make sure that this test is really working as expected.
So I'm going to try to comment out the on message call right there, which means that we're not going
to actually process the message, which means that our ticket should never get the updated title price
or version.
So I'd expect to see some failure around the assertion around the title.
And.
Yep, there we go.
Perfect.
So that means that that test is working as expected.
So let's now take care of the second test right here.
This is going to be just about identical to the test we had written back inside of the ticket created
listener.
So we're going to once again get message data ticket listener.
From calling setup.
Well, then call the listener.
And await that thing.
With data and message.
And then finally we'll take a look at the ACC function on message and just make sure that it was invoked.
So I will expect message ack to have been called.
Let's save that.
Looks like we're good to go.
As usual, I'm going to comment out on message.
Save it again.
Make sure the thing fails.
Yup.
Very good.
Okay, well, I'd say that this looks pretty good.
Maybe last quick thing here.
I'm going to clean up tickets since we're technically not using it in this second little test right
here.
Well, I'd say that we've captured this kind of success case of our listener pretty darn well.
But maybe there are one or two other things that we're going to want to test around this listener.
For example, we might want to test this behavior around that fine by event thing right there and make
sure that if we pass in some kind of out of order event so some event with a version number that is
too far into the future, we might want to make sure that we do not call the act function or possibly
that we just throw an error.
So let's add in one or two more tests to make sure that this thing works correctly when everything is
not quite going as expected.
Let's take care of that in the next video.